Take Qt 5.4 Beta for a spin today!

SAY HELLO TO Qt 5.4 BETA
There are a lot of new and interesting things in Qt 5.4 - powerful web offering with Qt WebEngine, complete support for Windows Runtime, new license terms – introducing LGPLv3, highDPI support, dynamic GL and other improvements for Windows users, Bluetooth Low Energy, faster startup, smaller deployment packages and native style for Android, iOS Improvements, and much more. Learn more

WHAT'S NEW WITH Qt


Digia Announces The Qt Company and Launches a Unified Website

Under The Qt Company, a brand new Qt product site, www.qt.io is launched unifying the commercial business and open source community under one online channel. Read more

Which high-powered Qt editions to use you ask? We answered.

Indie Mobile as well as the Professional and Enterprise editions, allows licensees to retain more flexibility with regard to their own product licensing. Read more

Adding LGPLv3 & new add ons released under LGPLv3

Make sure that you to read our recent announcement on the addition of the LGPLv3 as a licensing option to Qt. Please have a look here.

Looking for Qt Champions!

Qt Champions are the individuals who go that extra mile and make Qt shine. They welcome you, they help you, they’ll hunt and fix bugs, they’ll give tips on good coding, they write and make videos and they are there at conferences to tell people of Qt. Read more

Qt BLOG


Qt 5.3.2 Update for Device Creation

The Qt Quick Compiler has gotten it’s first update, Qt Quick Enterprise Controls have been improved by adding the frequently requested Tumbler control and the Qt Virtual Keyboard is now updated to version 1.2 that provides new layouts and features. Read more

Qt Cloud Services introduces Managed Application Runtimes

Managed Application Runtime is an application platform-as-a-service (PaaS). It provides runtime and essential tools needed for agile server-side application development. Read more

Qt Creator 3.2.2 released

This version of Qt Creator mainly fixes compatibility issues with Xcode 6 on OS X. Read more

ENGAGE


Open Enrollment Training Courses - Content: Qt Quick QML (Qt Enterprise controls, visual effects, localization, use QML in Qt /C++ applications etc.); Fundamentals & Core Classes of Qt; Qt on Desktop, Mobile & Embedded targets.

Berlin, Germany, Nov 10-14

Melbourne, Australia, Nov 10-14

Auckland, New Zealand, Nov 17-20

Santa Clara, CA, USA, Dec 1-4

Brisbane, Australia, Dec 1-4

Moscow, Russia, Dec 9-12

Wellington, New Zealand, Dec 15-18

Japan - Register interest

Upcoming Tradeshows

Embedded Design Show 2014, Coventry, UK - Oct 22-23

CEE Software Engineering Conference 2014, Moscow, Russia, Oct 23-24

Life Science Alley 2014, Minneapolis, MN, Nov 19-20

Embedded Technology 2014, Yokohama, Japan, Nov 19-21

SPS IPC Drives 2014, Nuremberg, Germany, Nov 25-27